[DOCS-1608] Update Calico Enterprise for Windows docs for Operator + HPC installation (#1090)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/getting-started/install-on-clusters/windows-calico/operator.mdx

To join a Windows node to a cluster provisioned with kubeadm:

- Install kubeadm and kubelet binaries and install the kubelet service

```powershell
Invoke-WebRequest {{windowsScriptsURL}}/PrepareNode.ps1 -OutFile c:\PrepareNode.ps1
c:\PrepareNode.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.26.6
```

- Run kubeadm on a control plane host and copy the join command

```bash
kubeadm token create --print-join-command
```

- Edit the join command by updating the kubeadm.exe path to `c:\k\kubeadm.exe`.
- If using a Kubernetes version earlier than v1.25, also append `--cri-socket "npipe:////./pipe/containerd-containerd"` to the join command.
  An example join command:

```
c:\k\kubeadm.exe join 172.16.101.139:6443 --token v8w2jt.jmc45acn85dbll1e --discovery-token-ca-cert-hash sha256:d0b7040a704d8deb805ba1f29f56bbc7cea8af6aafa78137a9338a62831739b4 --cri-socket "npipe:////./pipe/containerd-containerd"
```

- Run the join command on the Windows node. Shortly after it completes successfully, the Windows node will appear in `kubectl get nodes`.
  The new node's status will be NotReady since the Calico CNI has not yet been installed.

> #### Migrating from {{prodnameWindows}} installed manually to an Operator installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Migrate from {{prodnameWindows}} manual installation to operator installation
```
